---
---

Summer Camp 2011 Materials
==========================

Below are some of the problems I used in the 2011 math summer camp at CCC.  Feel free to use them for individual practice or your own MATHCOUNTS program.

### Plain old [team round](./camp2011/PlainOldContestDay2noanswers.doc)
A good mock-up of a MATHCOUNTS team round, if you remove four problems of your choice.  [Answers.](./camp2011/PlainOldContestDay2.doc)

### [Relays](./camp2011/Mass Relay na.docx)
A mathematical relay with three positions.  This one proved to be very challenging.  <a href="./camp2011/Mass Relay.docx">Answers.</a>

<p>
<b><a href="./camp2011/Mini Relay no answers.docx"> Mini Relays </a></b>.  A relay with only two positions.  The second position contains problems from the 2009 Duke Math Meet.  <a href="./camp2011/Mini Relay.docx">Answers.</a>
</p>

<p>
<b><a href="./camp2011/Guts part 1.docx"> Guts Round - Part I </a></b>.  The first part of a difficult guts round, containing real HMMT problems.  Solutions can be found on the <a href="http://web.mit.edu/hmmt/www/datafiles/solutions/" target="_blank">official HMMT website</a>. 
</p>

<p>
<b><a href="http://dogschool.tripod.com" target="_blank"> Group Theory Notes </a></b>.  A good introduction to group theory, to complement Paul's lecture.  Includes an application to the Rubik's Cube.
</p>

<p>
<b><a href="./camp2011/Countdown++.pptx" target="_blank"> Calculator Countdown</a></b>.  By popular request, a countdown round that allows calculators!  Problems may be quite difficult.  The PowerPoint contains all answers.  <a href="./camp2011/Countdown++ Answers.docx" target="_blank"> An answer sheet </a> is also available.
</p>

<p>
<b><a href="./camp2011/Food Hunt Clues na.docx" target="_blank"> "Food Hunt" clues</a></b>.  A set of relay-like problems.  Each problem takes in an input.  These were originally used in a relay-like "food hunt", but may also be incorporated into a regular relay.  <a href="./camp2011/Food Hunt Clues.docx"> Answers here</a>.
</p>

<p>
Not seeing the navigation panel?  <a href="./index.html"> Click here to create a navigation panel.</a>
</p>
